Dr. Ogawa: Okay, Michael.
Michael Bryans: Hi.
Dr. Ogawa: Hi, how are you
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, okay, okay, good. Okay, well, nice to meet you.
Dr. Ogawa: Call from right heart. And so if this is your first appointment right with a provider.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, welcome. And so, um, tell me about yourself. Tell me why you're here.
Michael Bryans: To get clean
Dr. Ogawa: Sounds good.
Yeah.
Michael Bryans: Pretty good reason. Right.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, for sure.
Dr. Ogawa: Um, I guess. Tell me, like, is there some reason that you decided you wanted to get clean
Dr. Ogawa: At this particular time.
Michael Bryans: I wanted to be clean before I am like I've never gotten in trouble and like been forced to do it. I just, I went to a methadone clinic, but it was hard with my hours at work and this seemed like a more feasible option actually be successful.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. For most people, it does end up being a lot easier because you don't have to go to the clinic every day.
Dr. Ogawa: Medicine anymore. Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And have you ever what what do you know about buprenorphine.
Dr. Ogawa: Suboxone ending
Michael Bryans: That when I went to the clinic.
Michael Bryans: The lady who initially set me up was a nurse and she said Suboxone she thought worked a lot better.
Michael Bryans: That the way it works is it only blocks half the receptors.
Michael Bryans: I kind of forget at this point. It was a long time ago, but she spoke about it highly it's just with my insurance. It was just the first thing I found, honestly, I was like, okay, whatever it's better than nothing.
Michael Bryans: Yeah, the hours were hard and then with the coven thing going on. Like it was it was even worse. I just, I couldn't get there on time.
Michael Bryans: Or I couldn't get to work on.
Michael Bryans: Time. If I wanted to go
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, sure. Um, yeah, so that's pretty that's true for a lot of people. Everybody's a little different but
Dr. Ogawa: Suboxone can work a lot
Dr. Ogawa: Better just because people tolerate it better and you know it's easier to access
Dr. Ogawa: It, we do call it a partial agonist because it
Dr. Ogawa: Is the same receptors. Yeah, same receptors as
Dr. Ogawa: You know what your brain feels like as the receptors for Herrmann pain medicines, things like that.
Dr. Ogawa: And they bind actually really strongly to those receptors so that other things can't really use them.
Dr. Ogawa: But it kind of blocks the part where you tend to get the worst side effects from them. So not you don't end up nodding off. Like methadone and
Dr. Ogawa: lower risk.
Dr. Ogawa: Of yeah respiratory problems stopping breathing.
Dr. Ogawa: People tend to do a lot better with that.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Have you ever done something like it before.
Michael Bryans: Um, before I did heroin. I was going to a pain clinic for my back and at the end he gave me a buprenorphine patch.
Michael Bryans: And it wasn't working. I put on two of them.
Dr. Ogawa: And then he wrote
Michael Bryans: A program. He didn't like set me up at all. And that's actually why I went to heroin is because I went from having something to nothing.
And it was
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, so it didn't work for pain, but you didn't have any side effects. It sounds like
Um,
Michael Bryans: Yeah.
Michael Bryans: Years ago.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Okay. Sounds good. And so, okay, well, let me ask you a couple more questions. So what is it that you're trying to get clean from
Dr. Ogawa: Heroin heroin and how do you use your house.
Michael Bryans: No.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, do you ever use it any other way.
Michael Bryans: No, I've never slammed it or anything like that. I'm not scared of needles, but I'm scared of using them like that.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, um, do you use any other substances.
Dr. Ogawa: Smoking
Michael Bryans: Cigarettes.
Michael Bryans: I smoke cigarettes. I don't drink, though.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, how many cigarettes a day do you smoke.
Michael Bryans: Like five
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: And maybe at some point we can work on that to
Michael Bryans: Get a prescription for Chantix I'd be down. I had it once and it worked. Amazing.
Michael Bryans: But I never description.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, I think that's definitely an option in the future we'll probably start with the heroin part. But yeah, I think we can definitely do change in the future.
Dr. Ogawa: All right, and how much heroin, do you usually use in a day.
Michael Bryans: Well, we have to have to hold gram a day.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And have you needed to use more and more overtime.
Michael Bryans: Oh yeah, when I first did it, it was like barely any and then it slowly ramped up
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, and and
Dr. Ogawa: When was the last time you use
Michael Bryans: This morning
I'd be saying
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, how long can you usually go until you start feeling
Michael Bryans: Like eight hours.
Dr. Ogawa: And then how do you start feeling
Sweaty
Michael Bryans: Certain pain in my hips and back.
Michael Bryans: really anxious
Michael Bryans: Just feel like total crap.
Dr. Ogawa: How long can usually go for until you have to use again.
Michael Bryans: Usually I try to get some before I get to that point.
Dr. Ogawa: So like less than eight hours. That sounds like
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah okay um and
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Because, so how we start you on it and do have to go through withdrawals.
Michael Bryans: I know I
Dr. Ogawa: Started
Michael Bryans: I know if you do it before that you'll get really sick.
Dr. Ogawa: Exactly. Yeah. And so you are going to probably feel pretty bad. Unfortunately, when you do start. But the good news is that when you start the medication, we should start feeling better.
Michael Bryans: Cool, cool.
Dr. Ogawa: And so you just have to be ready for that. Sorry, just like okay
Michael Bryans: No worries.
Michael Bryans: I know it's gonna be rough. But it's all for the best.
Dr. Ogawa: Yes. Yeah. And once you can get through the hardest part which is like the first day or two, then you should start feeling better and better.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Yes. You have to be ready and all right. Have you ever had an overdose.
Dr. Ogawa: Nope. Nope. Good. Good. And have you ever heard of, nor can
Michael Bryans: I know, nor can is, yes, I went to him to school a long time ago.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh really. OK, so maybe even used it.
Michael Bryans: I didn't have to use it.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, good. Do you have some
Michael Bryans: My girlfriend actually does.
Dr. Ogawa: Perfect. Does she know how to use it.
Michael Bryans: No.
Michael Bryans: All over YouTube it
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. Um, well, I was gonna offer prescribing some for you. Do you need another tour, you
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, absolutely. And
Dr. Ogawa: And hopefully you never have to
Dr. Ogawa: Use it.
Dr. Ogawa: It'd be great if you can let your girlfriend know to that.
Dr. Ogawa: You have another one available because if you need it. She's going to use it on you.
Dr. Ogawa: Will probably give you the nasal spray version.
Dr. Ogawa: For the other thing is, sometimes people will accidentally get into your medication. And then, so you'll have to use it on
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah. So, um, you know, and we never know. People morphine tends to have less side effects and other things that you never know.
Dr. Ogawa: Just have it around. Okay.
Sure.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Let's see.
Dr. Ogawa: Have you ever do you have any consequences of using heroin like to use my coming back.
Dr. Ogawa: To things happens money. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Anything else
Michael Bryans: I mean I spend time doing that. So I've, you know, time with family.
Michael Bryans: Time. Time that Vance my career and stuff like that would be more important.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. What do you do for your career.
Michael Bryans: I build machines that can build other machines. Machines that can be putting people or cars or medical equipment.
Dr. Ogawa: Or weapons of mass destruction.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, we'd like you to be pretty clean.
Michael Bryans: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Um, how did she get started on heroin.
Michael Bryans: It was because I'm I was on regular pain meds and my dog to the front orphans patch you translating
Michael Bryans: And then
Michael Bryans: Took me from the program and like just left me high and dry.
Dr. Ogawa: Got it. And then you Scott had to get heroin instead
Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Well, we'll do our best to not cut, you know,
Dr. Ogawa: You can always contact us if you know something happens to the prescription or something.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, sure.
Dr. Ogawa: And was there something that happened in particular that you said, oh, I really need to get clean today.
Michael Bryans: Um, no. It's something I've wanted to do for a while. It's just, um,
Michael Bryans: I finally got a nice apartment that's expensive and
Michael Bryans: Have money for it.
Dr. Ogawa: Congratulations. Oh yeah, that's a good reason for sure.
Dr. Ogawa: Do a
Pretty
Dr. Ogawa: Bad
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, that is a really great reason
Michael Bryans: Well, the first one. But yeah, it's pretty important.
Dr. Ogawa: Yes.
Dr. Ogawa: And so are you pretty safe at home, then
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, good. And it sounds. Do you have pretty good support.
Michael Bryans: Yes, very, very good support.
Dr. Ogawa: Good. That's great. Okay, sounds like we have, you know, really good environment to try this out. So I hope it works well.
Dr. Ogawa: Um, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Do you take any other medications.
Michael Bryans: No, I mean, I want to get back on Chantix but oh Benadryl allergy medication for the moment.
Michael Bryans: Like seasonal allergies.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, and
Dr. Ogawa: Be I doubt that this will happen. Since charities in here. Let's be careful because that combination can make you a little too drowsy sometimes
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And have you ever had any surgeries.
Michael Bryans: collarbone ones, but no surgeries.
Dr. Ogawa: And just healed over time.
Michael Bryans: Yeah, pull it back.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. All right, how about any other medical problems that that I need to know about.
Dr. Ogawa: Real okay
Dr. Ogawa: Very healthy
Dr. Ogawa: Good and
Dr. Ogawa: I think most of the questions I have for you. And so if it's if it's heroin that you're using, we usually say going to take about 12 hours from your last use for it to get completely out of your system.
Dr. Ogawa: Everybody's a little bit different but that's generally about
Dr. Ogawa: Timeframe and you should start having withdrawal symptoms. A lot of fun. And that's actually what we want in order to know that it's time for you to take that locks on
Dr. Ogawa: Oxygen peep in our feet are the same thing, but
Michael Bryans: A friend who took it too early and got sicker than
Dr. Ogawa: Exactly, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Exactly. Because the medicine. If you still have heroin in you. It's going to kick care when off.
Dr. Ogawa: Their brains. Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Exactly. So we don't want that. So I would try to wait.
Michael Bryans: At least
Dr. Ogawa: 12 hours.
Dr. Ogawa: You should have at least like three of those withdrawal symptoms that you usually have, if not more.
Dr. Ogawa: The longer you wait, the better it's going to be
Dr. Ogawa: So I'm also going to have, I don't know, maybe can or RJ and send you just a copy of the sheet of paper sheet where it goes through step by step instructions with you.
Dr. Ogawa: Just in case.
Dr. Ogawa: You're but what we're gonna do is, I'm going to say if you're interested. And I'm going to send the Suboxone tablets to the pharmacy and simply might not be tablets, depending on what whatever your insurance. We're going to cover
Michael Bryans: Works. Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, yeah, it's all the same, but they're going to be eight milligrams
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. And then, but I don't know what your dose is going to be, it might just be for
Dr. Ogawa: Now, you know, cut them in half.
Dr. Ogawa: Start
Dr. Ogawa: So the first time you know it's been about 12 hours you're going through withdrawals. Take the four milligrams, which is half
Michael Bryans: Right.
This is
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, all of them are going to be almost all and under the tongue.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, so how sublingual and you want to just leave it there for me, it's probably like two minutes.
Dr. Ogawa: Until it just dissolves and
Dr. Ogawa: It's gonna work the best that way.
Michael Bryans: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: If you swallow it. It's not going to work very well and
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Is it
Michael Bryans: Possible to do sub solve just because I have a coupon for it. So I'll
Michael Bryans: See, you know, the V sub solver.
Michael Bryans: Oh, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, because we're
Michael Bryans: All for that.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, and I can try it. I think the dosing for that might be a little slightly different. So I might be eight and might be like 9.5 or something like that.
Dr. Ogawa: It would be the same concept is
Dr. Ogawa: Still there in half.
Dr. Ogawa: Like that and
Michael Bryans: Then is it possible to write me for like a B 12 vitamin thing.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh yeah, what is that for
Michael Bryans: Be 12 just vitamins TV healthy, Phil. It's probably helpful at the same time.
Dr. Ogawa: I can try and yeah and
Dr. Ogawa: It just, it's more about it. I'm not sure if your insurance will cover it, but I can
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, good, good, good.
Dr. Ogawa: So yeah, we can start with so
Dr. Ogawa: And then so you're going to see how that has this kind of feel like
Dr. Ogawa: And you should be feeling better, you shouldn't be feeling worse if you feel worse. It's too early.
Dr. Ogawa: And that might be enough for you to feel good for the rest of the day.
Dr. Ogawa: But you can wait one or 123 hours to see how you feel.
Dr. Ogawa: And if you're still feeling withdraws after those 123 hours then take the other half.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, that'll make eight milligrams Gretchen as your dose.
Dr. Ogawa: And then you do it again and 123 hours if you're feeling great. Just stay at that eight milligrams, that whole top or film.
Dr. Ogawa: But if not, you can take another half
Dr. Ogawa: And then that'll be
Dr. Ogawa: 12 or if it's absolved might be a little bit less by and and then that will be your total dose of the day.
Michael Bryans: Um, is there any way to write something for sleeping, because I know when I've gone through before I can't sleep.
Michael Bryans: Yeah, that's probably the worst part for me, honestly.
Is yeah yeah
Dr. Ogawa: What have you used in the past.
Michael Bryans: I've had a prescription for Seroquel
Michael Bryans: Ambien
Michael Bryans: Prescriptions for like Xanax and stuff that made me super tired exactly for that.
Michael Bryans: The circle Ambien work pretty good for sleeping. I'm not sure how well they work like at that time. Like, I love the other
Suggestion
Dr. Ogawa: And i. So, the ones that you mentioned, I, I actually wouldn't recommend that I can write for something like either Gabba punter or no.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. That also will make you drowsy sounds kind of nice because it can also help with pain, too.
Michael Bryans: Yeah, I tried that and I got a Carson like like 20 years ago.
Michael Bryans: And they gave me that it didn't work.
Michael Bryans: Non narcotic but
Michael Bryans: I use it later on and it makes you super tired and
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, and so I can do that. And you can take it when you're trying to sleep and then every eight hours if you need to.
Dr. Ogawa: But the thing is,
Dr. Ogawa: When you're doing this you might want to do it so that you're withdrawing out of time. You're going to be trying to sleep. Anyway, so you don't have to be up the whole day was John's
Michael Bryans: Yeah, of course, you can be home.
Michael Bryans: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, which is you don't have to, but most people try to like do their last use at night before they go to bed.
Michael Bryans: And so in the morning to do
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, so a lot of times already passed.
Dr. Ogawa: And any other symptoms that you're worried about or
Michael Bryans: Just things it from. It's pretty awful. I remember but
Michael Bryans: I think that's just something to deal with.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, and I can give you something called Clonidine that can help with that anxiety from withdraw. If you want to do that.
Michael Bryans: And you can take
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah yeah
Dr. Ogawa: That one.
Dr. Ogawa: Line McHugh little drowsy, too, but more
Dr. Ogawa: Elaine, drop your blood pressure.
Michael Bryans: So just be careful if you feel
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, perfect.
Dr. Ogawa: So if you feel that Devi don't take it anymore. Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Gotcha. And you can take both of these as needed for the withdraws. And then also, like, you know, I'm giving you these medications, but they're all kind of temporary
Dr. Ogawa: To write one speaker ways I heroin all those emotions are still going to be there. Even though we're taking care of your like physical withdraw.
Dr. Ogawa: Right, so I would recommend doing therapy to or counseling to kind of take care of that part or like you're craving.
Dr. Ogawa: Stuff.
Dr. Ogawa: Do you already have therapy somehow or somewhere.
Michael Bryans: Um no I haven't done therapy or
Dr. Ogawa: Would it be okay if I requested that through Braveheart
Michael Bryans: Joe Yeah, is it mandatory.
Dr. Ogawa: And I don't think so. But I think it's highly, highly recommended to keep getting refills.
Michael Bryans: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, I mean, you can see how it goes. All right.
Dr. Ogawa: And so that first day of trying Suboxone quell that one and a half is going to be your maximum
Dr. Ogawa: But then the next day you can kind of
Dr. Ogawa: See how it goes. Again, and add another half if you want to see what your, your daily dose is going to end up
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, okay.
Dr. Ogawa: Do you have any questions.
Michael Bryans: No, ma'am.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, it seems like you kind of already knew a lot about what's going to happen.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And yeah, so we just wanted to make sure we're all on the same page.
Dr. Ogawa: South and the box.
Dr. Ogawa: Or saw the gabapentin Clonidine vitamins and our can
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah that should hold you and
Dr. Ogawa: So in that. Do you have a day that you think you're going to do it.
Dr. Ogawa: Start
Dr. Ogawa: Oh,
Dr. Ogawa: Did you hear that last part. Sorry.
Michael Bryans: I didn't know
Michael Bryans: That you said I was so much knowledgeable, what, what's going to happen.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, OK. OK. Yes. After that, I was just running over the meds again about what I was going to send off.
Dr. Ogawa: And then
Dr. Ogawa: I was trying to figure out, do you have a day that you want to start doing this.
Um,
Michael Bryans: And we say in the morning.
Michael Bryans: That's ideal hoarding like I'm
Dr. Ogawa: I'm winning. Okay.
Yeah, I'm ready.
Michael Bryans: I'm ready.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Um, I would say go to the pharmacy today, Ben, so that you can make sure you have your medicines tomorrow.
Dr. Ogawa: Because sometimes there's like just mixed up about the medications and
Dr. Ogawa: Insurance and stuff.
Dr. Ogawa: And then your last few weeks would be tonight, then right
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: And and
Dr. Ogawa: So if you go tomorrow. Do you
Dr. Ogawa: Want to check in.
Dr. Ogawa: Wednesday morning, or wait Wednesday.
Michael Bryans: I get off work at King or
Dr. Ogawa: 4pm. Are you gonna be okay working while you're doing this.
Michael Bryans: I'm gonna try my best.
Michael Bryans: I have like some sick leave coming up. I might have to use it, but I'm hoping I can do my best.
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah.
Dr. Ogawa: Some people some
Michael Bryans: Work, but I'm gonna try
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah. And because it you know if you're ready, you're ready. That's good, but might have to choose a different
Dr. Ogawa: One, do you want to check in.
Dr. Ogawa: Usually like
Dr. Ogawa: The next one, two or
Dr. Ogawa: Three days. Good. If you're going to start
Michael Bryans: Um,
Michael Bryans: Okay, check back Friday, then I get paid Thursday. So if I don't end up having enough money to pick it up at the pharmacy. I'll have to wait till Thursday.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, right. So you said Friday.
Michael Bryans: Yeah, I'm gonna try to use my girlfriend's card at the pharmacy tonight but if
Michael Bryans: It doesn't work out, I'm gonna have to
Michael Bryans: Pay. There's a lot of work out.
Dr. Ogawa: Okay perfect, so I'll just ask someone to scheduling you or give you a call before
Dr. Ogawa: Friday or before to figure that out and okay
Dr. Ogawa: Okay and and then know let us know. Something happens to so that we can get together.
Michael Bryans: Yes, ma'am.
Dr. Ogawa: All right, any other questions.
Michael Bryans: No man, you've been very informative and helpful.
Dr. Ogawa: Oh, good. And yeah, it's kind of a hard process. So just
Dr. Ogawa: Yeah, ask questions if you need to. Sounds like you're ready. We just have to make sure everything's lined up.
Dr. Ogawa: All right. Okay. Um, so I guess. And let me just confirm with you what pharmacy, you want to use.
Michael Bryans: Did you guys have one on file.
Dr. Ogawa: I think we might have
Michael Bryans: A lady. And then I was going to double check with you which one it was.
Michael Bryans: The Walmart on lead. Whoa.
Dr. Ogawa: Wait, can you just in case, because my computer's frozen. Can you just tell me again where it was Walmart Red Hill.
Michael Bryans: Lead LB ad like that element.
Okay.
Dr. Ogawa: And what city.
Michael Bryans: It's in Roseville
Dr. Ogawa: Okay.
California
Dr. Ogawa: Okay, I will send it there.
Michael Bryans: Are 1400 lead. Whoa.
Oh, great.
Michael Bryans: 95661
Dr. Ogawa: Okay. Sounds good. All right. Well, thank you, Michael.
Dr. Ogawa: Thank you. Yeah, so we'll see. You probably later in the week. Okay.
Michael Bryans: Yes, ma'am. You have a nice day and
Dr. Ogawa: Thank you to him.
Dr. Ogawa: To finish up with my goals and note and
Dr. Ogawa: Objective patient and with cool app back normal mentation normal speech and all backed and bright.
Dr. Ogawa: Appears confident
Dr. Ogawa: And
Dr. Ogawa: Assessment.
Dr. Ogawa: Is opiate use disorder severe
Dr. Ogawa: Nicotine abuse.
Dr. Ogawa: Leanne.
Dr. Ogawa: And
Dr. Ogawa: Discussed home induction.
Dr. Ogawa: Will sign prescription for buprenorphine Suboxone patient states prefers absorb that will see depending on coverage will also ask to send in the copy of the home induction.
Dr. Ogawa: Instructions.
Dr. Ogawa: Discuss the timing side effects and risks of medications will prescribe gabapentin first sleep and pain quantity for inside and from withdraws
Dr. Ogawa: And see if Vitamin D is covered, but discuss this will probably not be guaranteed as not really related to the problems and
Dr. Ogawa: In the future discussed would like to work on the tobacco abuses well patient states Chantix work well in the past and
Dr. Ogawa: Will also send our can
Dr. Ogawa: And encouraged patient to learn how to use as well as his girlfriend and patient is very motivated by pass by new child on the way new apartment and
Dr. Ogawa: And
Dr. Ogawa: Discussed return a clinic and 123 days and our patient prefers to wait till later on related to when he
Dr. Ogawa: gets paid the next
Dr. Ogawa: About 50% of this visit was
Dr. Ogawa: education and counseling. Thank you.